hi I'm Richard for about.com fool I'm
going to show you how to make sushi
today first we need add nori which is
seaweed the sushi rice we mix with that
rice vinegar and sugar you got to make
sure have a cup of clear clean water
this way the rice will not stick to your
pants first with a small amount of the
rice on the seaweed and make the rice
flat and make sure how about 1/2 inch
see we without cover the rice and we can
assess me see
misako which is fish eggs
and then we turn it over Kravitz
avocados anything you like and then
we're going to move this to the Phantom
wrote it over
and then check out the bamboo
you can count eight pieces or six pieces
whichever you prefer
this is California roll of course you
can't have sushi without ginger or
wasabi
to learn more please with us and full da
about.com thank you